JollyCV
-------
JollyCV is a highly accurate emulator for the ColecoVision, including support
for the Super Game Module.

JollyCV was the first emulator written specifically for The Jolly Good API.
It is designed to document the ColecoVision for educational purposes through
verbose comments, and high quality emulation. The ColecoVision is the perfect
console to use to demonstrate how computer systems and emulators function
because it is very simple and uses generic, off-the-shelf chips with widely
available datasheets.

This repository lives at https://gitlab.com/jgemu/jollycv

Compiling
---------
Make sure you have The Jolly Good API's header files installed. If you did
not install them, you will be required to include their path in CFLAGS.

Options:
  USE_VENDORED_SPEEXDSP - Set to a non-zero value to use vendored SpeexDSP.

Linux:
  make

macOS:
  make

BSD:
  gmake

Windows (MSYS2):
  make

The build will be output to "jollycv/". This directory may be used as is
locally by copying it to your local "cores" directory, or may be installed
system-wide using the "install" target specified in the Makefile.

Input Devices
-------------
JollyCV supports the following input devices:

ColecoVision Paddle
Roller Controller
Steering Wheel
Super Action Controller

Input Notes
-----------
- The Roller Controller is implemented using a mouse. It is recommended to
  assign the Fire buttons to mouse buttons.
- The Steering Wheel is implemented using the X axis of a mouse. Buttons may
  be assigned as usual.
- The Super Action Controller's rollers are implemented using buttons which
  may be held down to simulate a continuous roll. It is recommended to assign
  the RollerL and RollerR input definitions to shoulder buttons on a gamepad.

Settings
--------
mask_overscan = 0
0 = Show Overscan, 1 = Mask Overscan

palette = 0 
0 = TeaTime, 1 = SYoung

rsqual = 3
N = Resampler Quality (0-10)

region = 0
0 = NTSC, 1 = PAL

Compatibility
-------------
JollyCV is compatible with 100% of the commercially released ColecoVision
library, and all known and freely available homebrew.

Only a single game is known not to boot (possibly a bad dump):
Lord of the Dungeon (USA) (Beta)

Super Sketch boots, but is not usable due to a lack of documentation on the
Super Sketch Pad.

Porting
-------
JollyCV was written in standards compliant ISO C11 and should be extremely
portable. Though it was written for The Jolly Good API, it was done in a
manner that allows it to be used easily in multi-emulator frameworks or
standalone binaries for many potential platforms. If a fork is created with
significant modifications, it is requested that a clear indication of fork
status is made. Please be an honest person and respect the licenses that
apply to the software.

Documentation
-------------
Documentation used to create the emulator is available at
https://gitlab.com/carmiker/colecodocs

Copyright
---------
JollyCV (BSD-3-Clause)
  Copyright (c) 2020-2022 Rupert Carmichael
  See LICENSE

Jolly Good Z80 (MIT)
  Copyright (c) 2019 Nicolas Allemand
  Copyright (c) 2020-2022 Rupert Carmichael
  Copyright (c) 2022 rofl0r
  See src/z80/LICENSE

Speex Resampler (BSD-3-Clause)
  Copyright (c) 2003, 2007, 2008 Xiph.org Foundation
  See source files in deps/speex/ for detailed information
